For the biscuit dough
125 g sugar
100 g flour
60 g butter
4 eggs
300 g nuts
100 g sugar
200 g butter
2 eggs
1 cup Bordeaux wine
300 g candied fruits

For the meringue
4 egg whites
250 g powdered sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon

In a medium mixing bowl, combine the sugar and the yolks of 4 eggs.
With a spatula or a wooden spoon, work the mixture. You are done when it becomes mousse-like and nearly white.

Beat 4 egg whites to firm peaks. Melt the butter over low heat, then let it cool to room temperature.
Immediately mix the egg whites with the flour.
Once they are incorporated, fold in the melted butter.
This mixture must be made without stopping but also with much delicateness.
When it is well combined, stop mixing; do not over-mix, or else the biscuits will take on a texture that is disagreeable in both sight and taste. (ed: here, immediately before baking, you might combine with the egg yolk mixture? come back to this later.)
Put this mixture into a baking dish (ed: probably a muffin tin) that has been buttered and floured. Bake in an oven preheated to “thermostat 6” (ed: approx 400F?) for 20 minutes.

While the biscuits are baking, crush the nuts and mix with (ed: the 100 g?) sugar and (ed: the 200 g?) butter. Work into a cream. Cut the candied fruits into small pieces.

Remove the biscuits from the oven and slice each twice horizontally. Score each layer and sprinkle with the Bordeaux.
On the base, spread the biscuit layer with the nuts in butter, scatter the candied fruit pieces on top, then place the next layer of biscuit, spread that with the nuts in butter and candied fruit pieces, and top with the final biscuit layer.

In a medium mixing bowl, whip the egg whites to stiff peaks.
Then, with a spatula, carefully fold in the powdered sugar and cinnamon.
Butter and flour a baking sheet.
Place the biscuit in the oven.
With a metal spatula, a large knife, or simply a spoon, cover the biscuit in the stiffly-beaten egg whites.
If you have a pocket, you can decorate. (ed: ??? could be slang like “if you got pussy you can decorate”)
Put into the oven at “thermostat 2” (ed: approx 300F) for 45 minutes. The oven door must remain partially open during this step.
